DOC-1467: Create Flexible Subscription update (#2123)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/subscriptions/create-flexible-subscription.md

weight: 30
alwaysopen: false
categories: ["RC"]
aliases: /rc/administration/customize-pro/
         /rc/administration/customize-pro.md          
         /rc/administration/setup/customize-pro/
         /rc/administration/setup/customize-pro.md
         /rc/administration/setup/customize-flexible-plan/
---

> Flexible subscriptions support any dataset size or throughput.  Pricing is based on your [workload requirements](https://redislabs.com/redis-enterprise-cloud/pricing/) (database size and throughput.)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flexible subscriptions support any dataset size or throughput.  Pricing is based on your [workload requirements](https://redis.com/redis-enterprise-cloud/pricing/) (database size and throughput.)  
```

3. From here, you need to:

>     1. Set up the deployment options for your subscription, include cloud vendor details, high avaliability settings, and advanced options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Set up the deployment options for your subscription, include cloud vendor details, high availability settings, and advanced options.
```

The two sections to this tab:

- [General settings](#general-settings) include the cloud provider details, the subscription name, and specific configuration options.

> - [Advanced options](#advanced-options) define settings for high avaliability and security. These will vary according to cloud provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Advanced options](#advanced-options) define settings for high availability and security. Configurable settings vary according to cloud provider.
```

| _Advanced option_ | _Description_ |
|:---------|:-----------|

> | **Multi-AZ** | Determines if high avaliability spans multiple Availablity Zones, which provides automatic failover when problems occur. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Multi-AZ** | Determines if high availability spans multiple Availability Zones, which provides automatic failover when problems occur. |
```

| **Name** | A custom name for your database (_required_) |
| **Throughput/Shards** | Identifies maximum throughput for the database, which can be specified in terms of operations per second (**Ops/sec**) or number of shards dedicated to the database (**Shards**).throughput is measured for the database, either operations per second (_Ops/sec_) or _Number of shards_. |
| **Memory Limit (GB)** | The size limit for the database. Specify small sizes as decimals of 1.0&nbsp;GB; example: `0.1` GB (minimum).|

> | **High Avaliability** | Indicates whether a replica copy of the database is maintained in case the primary database becomes unavailable.  (Warning: Doubles memory consumption). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **High Availability** | Indicates whether a replica copy of the database is maintained in case the primary database becomes unavailable.  (Warning: Doubles memory consumption). |
```

| Advanced&nbsp;option | Description |
|:---------|:-----------|
| **OSS Cluster API** | Enable to use the open-source Redis Cluster API. |

> | **Type** | Set to _Memcached_ database to support the legacy database; otherwise leave at _Redis_ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Type** | Set to _Memcached_ database to support the legacy database; otherwise leave as _Redis_ |
```

| **Data Persistence** | Defines the data persistence policy, if any. See [Database persistence]({{< relref "/rs/databases/configure/database-persistence.md" >}}) |

> | **Modules** | Identifies a module used by the database.  Choose from [RedisSearch&nbsp;2]({{< relref "/modules/redisearch/_index.md" >}}), [RedisGraph]({{< relref "/modules/redisgraph/_index.md" >}}), [RedisBloom]({{< relref "/modules/redisbloom/_index.md" >}}), or [RedisTimeSeries]({{< relref "/modules/redistimeseries/_index.md" >}}).<br/><br/>If you select RedisSearch 2, you also need to specify a value for **Number of Documents**.  This defines the maximum internal array size ([MAXDOCTABLESIZE](https://oss.redislabs.com/redisearch/Configuring/?_ga=2.155176508.524468484.1612194154-499260268.1607530891#maxdoctablesize)).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Modules** | Identifies a module used by the database.  Choose from [RedisSearch&nbsp;2]({{< relref "/modules/redisearch/_index.md" >}}), [RedisGraph]({{< relref "/modules/redisgraph/_index.md" >}}), [RedisBloom]({{< relref "/modules/redisbloom/_index.md" >}}), or [RedisTimeSeries]({{< relref "/modules/redistimeseries/_index.md" >}}).<br/><br/>If you select RedisSearch 2, you also need to specify a value for **Number of Documents**.  This defines the maximum internal array size ([MAXDOCTABLESIZE](https://redis.io/docs/stack/search/configuring/#maxdoctablesize)).|
```
